Все сервисы Хабра Сообщество IT-специалистов Ответы на любые вопросы об IT Профессиональное развитие в IT Удаленная работа для IT-специалистов Что ты знаешь о взломщиках?Вход ВходРегистрация ВакансииСпециалистыКомпанииРейтингЗарплатыОбразованиеЖурнал Inperium Business Software for Reaching Clients and Driving Sales inperium.com Frontend Developer (React, TypeScript) Inperium От 2000 до 2900 $ ВСЕ ВАКАНСИИ (2 / 0) Похожие вакансии Team Lead (Java) Nedra · Санкт-Петербург Nedra Санкт-Петербург От 250 000 ₽ Senior Java developer Nedra · Санкт-Петербург Nedra Санкт-Петербург От 200 000 ₽ Java Разработчик (Инвестиции) TINKOFF · Ростов-на-Дону TINKOFF Ростов-на-Дону В проект ERP адской нагрузки требуется Java middle RKR · Санкт-Петербург RKR Санкт-Петербург От 80 000 до 120 000 ₽ Backend Java разработчик Кометрика · Санкт-Петербург Кометрика Санкт-Петербург До 260 000 ₽ Backend-разработчик (Java) Oprosso · Тверь Oprosso Тверь От 90 000 до 150 000 ₽ 12 марта Backend Developer (Java + Spring Boot) Зарплата От 2000 до 2900 $ Требуемые навыки Бэкенд, Средний (Middle) · Java · Spring Boot · Hibernate · PostgreSQL Местоположение и тип занятости Полный рабочий день · Можно удаленно Компания Inperium Business Software for Reaching Clients and Driving Sales inperium.comВсе вакансии (2/0) Описание вакансии Inperium Corp. is on a mission to provide modern businesses with the cost-effective Sales Force Automation (SFA) and Unified Communications-as-a-Service (UCaaS) solutions. Our business applications are easy to use and integrate readily with each other and with tools from other vendors, ensuring quick time to value and high return on investment. We employ world-class architecture designs and use artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities to deliver strong, customer-oriented products. Due to our company's continuous growth, we are looking for a full-time Senior Backend Developer to join one of our product teams. You Will Be: • Designing new RESTful APIs • Developing secure and performant microservices • Evaluating new technologies and techniques to drive implementation of best practices You May Be a Good Fit If You: • Have extensive experience with Spring Boot • Have a deep understanding of Java and PostgreSQL • Have the ability to be self-directed and be effective working independently, however, feel equally comfortable working in a team • Pay meticulous attention to detail and consistency • Have good verbal and written communication skills in English. Our Tech Stack: Backend: Java, Spring Boot, PostgreSQL, Kafka, Maven, Hibernate, JUnit, Mockito Frontend: React, React Native, TypeScript How We Hire: No inversion of binary trees in interviews. Soft skills, a clear head, and a desire to learn new technologies – are your main advantages in our interviews. Maximum 3 interviews along the way: “Talking about our teams, processes and goals” part Technical interview “Getting to know us our company and our boss” part Approaches and Principles We Follow: We build up our teams in accordance with the Amazon principle: "Two pizzas are enough to have lunch." This way we minimize bureaucracy and create a friendly atmosphere in each team. We practice flexible working hours. You can choose a work schedule that is convenient for you. We try to minimize the number of meetings. At the beginning of the week, we hold one “All-hands” call, in which the team leads report on the teams’ progress; The other meeting we have – is an internal team’s call in each team to plan tasks for the week. That’s pretty much it! Developers can freely choose tasks from the backlog and they define ways how to solve them. We make decisions collectively, based on common sense and business needs. We try to minimize bureaucracy and automate everything we can to increase the speed of development and reduce the number of bugs. In quality assurance, we give priority to integration tests, and do not chase coverage. We have a configured CI with commits to the dev, QA and master branches leading to publishing applications to servers. Frontend and backend can be run from docker, our DevOps will make sure that docker images remain up to date. Team leaders and even our executive are also actively writing code and understand the specifics of the tasks facing the teams. We are attentive to work-life-balance and do not want our employees to lose motivation or burn out. A friendly team is one of our highest priorities. We believe that work should be fun. Our company values: We trust each other: Instead of always watching your back, be confident your teammates have your back. By depending on each other’s talents and strengths, we create first-class products. We cultivate transparency at all levels: At Inperium, there are no impenetrable siloes or hidden agendas. We know the best people do their best work when they are informed and empowered. We communicate openly and with respect: Honest? Definitely. Brutally honest? Never. At Inperium, we say what we mean and mean what we say — always with kindness and respect. We’re hungry for feedback: We know that the best way to achieve our goals is to seek out feedback and listen carefully — to customers, employees, partners, and the broader business community. We move fast – without sacrificing quality: We eschew red tape, rigid waterfall methodologies, and stifling bureaucracy. We set goals and achieve them, building solutions we can take pride in. We take responsibility and never settle: We don’t believe in whining or making excuses. We set our standards high and stand behind everything we do and create. Бонусы All employees of Inperium are eligible for a $30 reimbursement to their monthly gym membership. Working out on a regular basis is important for the personal health, work-life balance and to relieve stress. Especially when working from home and at the computer all day, getting plenty of exercise is a good way to stay active. As such, this incentive will help you cover part of your monthly gym membership fees. Ваш отклик Авторизуйтесь Откликаться на вакансии могут только зарегистрированные пользователи. ВойдитеЗарегистрируйтесь Хабр Карьера О сервисе Услуги и цены Журнал Каталог вакансий Контакты Помощь Для соискателя Для работодателя API сервиса Служба поддержки Документы Соглашение с пользователем Правила оказания услуг Наши партнеры Следите за нами в соцсетях Сейчас на сайте 2568 вакансий и 190809 резюме, в среднем 12 откликов на вакансию © Habr, +7-499-653-59-61, hr@habr.team О сервисеУслуги и цены ПомощьДля соискателяДля работодателяAPI сервисаСлужба поддержки Другие проекты ХабраХабрQ&AФриланс